MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Liavan0122

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

========================================
MIT License with Commons Clause v1.0
========================================

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. … 

========================================
Commons Clause License Condition v1.0
========================================

The Software is provided under the terms of the MIT License except as
expressly modified by this Commons Clause. If you comply with the MIT
License, then you must also comply with the following condition:

Without limiting other conditions in the MIT License, you are **not**
granted rights under the MIT License to **Sell** the Software.

For purposes of this clause, “Sell” means providing the Software, or any
derivative works, to third parties for a fee or other consideration,
including but not limited to:

  * selling licenses or sublicenses of the Software;
  * distributing the Software in a product or service for which you
    charge a fee;
  * offering paid support, maintenance, or consulting for the Software.

Any license notice or attribution required by the MIT License must also
include this Commons Clause License Condition notice.
